README.md, before:

# Ω | Omega Research Project

## 量子元胞自动机基础物理研究计划

---

<div align="center">

### 🌌 A Unified Framework from Information to Physics

### 从信息到物理的统一框架

</div>

---

## 📚 Paper Collection / 论文集

| Paper | Journal | Full Title |
|-------|---------|------------|
| 📄 [Static-Block CA](./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/) | Nature Comm | Static-Block Cellular Automata: Information Laws and Observable Languages |
| 📄 [Einstein Equations](./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/) | JHEP | Einstein Equations from Information-Geometric Variational Principle |
| 📄 [AI Safety](./JMLR-Universal-Catastrophic-Safety-Undecidability/) | JMLR | Universal Catastrophic Safety Undecidability and the Capability-Risk Frontier |
| 📄 [Info Rate Circle](./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/) | PRA | Information Rate Circle in Dirac Quantum Walks |
| 📄 [Unified Time](./PRD-Unified-Physical-Time-Scale/) | PRD | Unified Physical Time Scale: Scattering Theory, Holographic Boundary, Dirac-QCA |
| 📄 [Fermi Statistics](./PRL-Origin-Fermi-Dirac-Statistics-Topological-Impedance/) | PRL | Origin of Fermi-Dirac Statistics from Topological Impedance in QCA |
| 📄 [Cosmological Phase](./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/) | PRL | Cosmological Phase Transitions and GW Signatures from QCA |
| 📄 [RBIT](./JSL-Resource-Bounded-Incompleteness-Theory/) | JSL | Resource-Bounded Incompleteness Theory |
| 📄 [Self-Reference](./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/) | SciPost | Self-Referential Scattering and the Birth of Fermions |

---

## 🎯 Core Themes / 核心主题

```
                          ┌─────────────────────┐
                          │   INFORMATION       │
                          │   信息基础          │
                          └──────────┬──────────┘
                                     │
              ┌──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┐
              │                      │                      │
              ▼                      ▼                      ▼
    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐
    │  DISCRETE QCA   │    │  SELF-REFERENCE │    │  RESOURCE       │
    │  离散量子CA     │    │  自指结构       │    │  BOUNDS 资源界  │
    └────────┬────────┘    └────────┬────────┘    └────────┬────────┘
             │                      │                      │
             └──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┘
                                    │
              ┌──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┐
              │                      │                      │
              ▼                      ▼                      ▼
    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐
    │  EMERGENT       │    │  FERMIONIC      │    │  GRAVITY &      │
    │  RELATIVITY     │    │  STATISTICS     │    │  COSMOLOGY      │
    │  涌现相对论     │    │  费米统计       │    │  引力与宇宙学   │
    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘
```

---

## 🔬 Research Highlights / 研究亮点

### 1. Information Rate Circle (v²_ext + v²_int = c²)
The partition of maximal causal information flow between spatial transport and internal quantum processing.

信息流在空间传输与内部量子处理之间的分配。

### 2. Mass as Topological Impedance
Massive particles emerge as stable feedback loops with impedance matching via Riccati equations.

有质量粒子作为通过Riccati方程进行阻抗匹配的稳定反馈环路涌现。

### 3. Spinor Topology (√Δ → 4π periodicity)
Spin-1/2 arises from the unavoidable square-root discriminant in self-referential dynamics.

自旋-1/2源于自指动力学中不可避免的平方根判别式。

### 4. Einstein Equations from Entropy Stationarity
G_ab + Λg_ab = 8πG T_ab derived from first-order stationarity of generalized entropy.

从广义熵的一阶驻点性推导爱因斯坦方程。

### 5. Gravitational Wave Predictions
Lattice cutoff frequency f_cut ~ c/(πℓ_cell) with Bragg-like oscillations.

晶格截止频率预测。

---

## 🖼️ Paper Infographics / 论文信息图

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center" width="50%">
<a href="./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/">
<img src="./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Einstein Equations from IGVP</b>
</a>
</td>
<td align="center" width="50%">
<a href="./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/">
<img src="./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Static-Block CA</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/">
<img src="./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Information Rate Circle</b>
</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/">
<img src="./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Cosmological Phase Transitions</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center" colspan="2">
<a href="./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/">
<img src="./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Self-Referential Scattering</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 📁 Directory Structure / 目录结构

```
omega/
├── NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/
├── JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/
├── JMLR-Universal-Catastrophic-Safety-Undecidability/
├── PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/
├── PRD-Unified-Physical-Time-Scale/
├── PRL-Origin-Fermi-Dirac-Statistics-Topological-Impedance/
├── PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/
├── JSL-Resource-Bounded-Incompleteness-Theory/
├── SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/
└── README.md
```

Each paper folder contains:
- `raw/` - LaTeX source files
- `figure/` - Figures and data
- `script/` - Python scripts
- `info.png` - Paper infographic (if available)
- `README.md` - Paper summary

---

## 👥 Authors / 作者

- **Haobo Ma** - Independent Researcher
- **Wenlin Zhang** - National University of Singapore

---

## 📧 Contact / 联系

For questions or collaborations, please reach out to the authors.

如有问题或合作意向，请联系作者。

---

<div align="center">

*"Information is physical, physics is informational."*

*"信息即物理，物理即信息。"*

</div>

Commit message:

Add PDF download links to READMEs

README.md, after:

# Ω | Omega Research Project

## 量子元胞自动机基础物理研究计划

---

<div align="center">

### 🌌 A Unified Framework from Information to Physics

### 从信息到物理的统一框架

</div>

---

## 📚 Paper Collection / 论文集

| Journal | Paper Title | Links |
|:-------:|-------------|:-----:|
| **Nature Comm** | [Static-Block Cellular Automata: Information Laws and Observable Languages](./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/) | [📄 PDF](./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/Static-Block%20Cellular%20Automata%20-%20Information%20Laws%20and%20Observable%20Languages.pdf) · [🎨 Visual](./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/Information_Unifies_Spacetime.pdf) |
| **JHEP** | [Einstein Equations from Information-Geometric Variational Principle](./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/) | [📄 PDF](./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/Einstein%20Equations%20from%20Information-Geometric%20Variational%20Principle%20-%20A%20Rigorous%20Derivation%20with%20Explicit%20Commutable%20Limit%20and%20Radon-Type%20Closure.pdf) · [🎨 Visual](./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/Information_Geometry_Constructs_Spacetime.pdf) |
| **JMLR** | [Universal Catastrophic Safety Undecidability and the Capability-Risk Frontier](./JMLR-Universal-Catastrophic-Safety-Undecidability/) | [📄 PDF](./JMLR-Universal-Catastrophic-Safety-Undecidability/universal-catastrophic-safety-undecidability-capability-risk-frontier_en.pdf) |
| **PRA** | [Information Rate Circle in Dirac Quantum Walks](./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/) | [📄 PDF](./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/Information%20rate%20circle%20in%20Dirac%20quantum%20walks.pdf) · [🎨 Visual](./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/Spacetime_Emerges_From_Code.pdf) |
| **PRD** | [Unified Physical Time Scale: Scattering, Holography, Dirac-QCA](./PRD-Unified-Physical-Time-Scale/) | [📄 PDF](./PRD-Unified-Physical-Time-Scale/unified-physical-universe-terminal-object-scattering-time-scale-boundary-time-geometry-dirac-qca-continuum-limit_en_revtex.pdf) |
| **PRL** | [Origin of Fermi-Dirac Statistics from Topological Impedance in QCA](./PRL-Origin-Fermi-Dirac-Statistics-Topological-Impedance/) | *Coming soon* |
| **PRL** | [Cosmological Phase Transitions and GW Signatures from QCA](./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/) | [📄 PDF](./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/Cosmological_phase_transitions.pdf) · [🎨 Visual](./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/Listening_for_the_Code_of_Reality.pdf) |
| **JSL** | [Resource-Bounded Incompleteness Theory](./JSL-Resource-Bounded-Incompleteness-Theory/) | [📄 PDF](./JSL-Resource-Bounded-Incompleteness-Theory/rbit.pdf) |
| **SciPost** | [Self-Referential Scattering and the Birth of Fermions](./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/) | [📄 PDF](./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/Self-Referential%20Scattering%20and%20the%20Birth%20of%20Fermions%20-%20Riccati%20Square%20Roots%2C%20Spinor%20Double%20Cover%2C%20and%20a%20Z_2%20Exchange%20Phase.pdf) · [🎨 Visual](./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/Z₂_Monodromy_Unified_Physics.pdf) |

---

## 🎯 Core Themes / 核心主题

```
                          ┌─────────────────────┐
                          │   INFORMATION       │
                          │   信息基础          │
                          └──────────┬──────────┘
                                     │
              ┌──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┐
              │                      │                      │
              ▼                      ▼                      ▼
    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐
    │  DISCRETE QCA   │    │  SELF-REFERENCE │    │  RESOURCE       │
    │  离散量子CA     │    │  自指结构       │    │  BOUNDS 资源界  │
    └────────┬────────┘    └────────┬────────┘    └────────┬────────┘
             │                      │                      │
             └──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┘
                                    │
              ┌──────────────────────┼──────────────────────┐
              │                      │                      │
              ▼                      ▼                      ▼
    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐    ┌─────────────────┐
    │  EMERGENT       │    │  FERMIONIC      │    │  GRAVITY &      │
    │  RELATIVITY     │    │  STATISTICS     │    │  COSMOLOGY      │
    │  涌现相对论     │    │  费米统计       │    │  引力与宇宙学   │
    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘    └─────────────────┘
```

---

## 🔬 Research Highlights / 研究亮点

### 1. Information Rate Circle (v²_ext + v²_int = c²)
The partition of maximal causal information flow between spatial transport and internal quantum processing.

信息流在空间传输与内部量子处理之间的分配。

### 2. Mass as Topological Impedance
Massive particles emerge as stable feedback loops with impedance matching via Riccati equations.

有质量粒子作为通过Riccati方程进行阻抗匹配的稳定反馈环路涌现。

### 3. Spinor Topology (√Δ → 4π periodicity)
Spin-1/2 arises from the unavoidable square-root discriminant in self-referential dynamics.

自旋-1/2源于自指动力学中不可避免的平方根判别式。

### 4. Einstein Equations from Entropy Stationarity
G_ab + Λg_ab = 8πG T_ab derived from first-order stationarity of generalized entropy.

从广义熵的一阶驻点性推导爱因斯坦方程。

### 5. Gravitational Wave Predictions
Lattice cutoff frequency f_cut ~ c/(πℓ_cell) with Bragg-like oscillations.

晶格截止频率预测。

---

## 🖼️ Paper Infographics / 论文信息图

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center" width="50%">
<a href="./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/">
<img src="./JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Einstein Equations from IGVP</b>
</a>
</td>
<td align="center" width="50%">
<a href="./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/">
<img src="./NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Static-Block CA</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">
<a href="./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/">
<img src="./PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Information Rate Circle</b>
</a>
</td>
<td align="center">
<a href="./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/">
<img src="./PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Cosmological Phase Transitions</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center" colspan="2">
<a href="./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/">
<img src="./SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/info.png" width="400"/><br/>
<b>Self-Referential Scattering</b>
</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 📁 Directory Structure / 目录结构

```
omega/
├── NatComm-Static-Block-CA-Info-Laws-Observable-Languages/
├── JHEP-Einstein-Equations-Info-Geometric-Variational-Principle/
├── JMLR-Universal-Catastrophic-Safety-Undecidability/
├── PRA-Info-Rate-Circle-Dirac-Quantum-Walks/
├── PRD-Unified-Physical-Time-Scale/
├── PRL-Origin-Fermi-Dirac-Statistics-Topological-Impedance/
├── PRL-Cosmological-Phase-Transitions-GW-Signatures/
├── JSL-Resource-Bounded-Incompleteness-Theory/
├── SciPost-Self-Referential-Scattering-Birth-of-Fermions/
└── README.md
```

Each paper folder contains:
- `raw/` - LaTeX source files
- `figure/` - Figures and data
- `script/` - Python scripts
- `info.png` - Paper infographic (if available)
- `README.md` - Paper summary

---

## 👥 Authors / 作者

- **Haobo Ma** - Independent Researcher
- **Wenlin Zhang** - National University of Singapore

---

## 📧 Contact / 联系

For questions or collaborations, please reach out to the authors.

如有问题或合作意向，请联系作者。

---

<div align="center">

*"Information is physical, physics is informational."*

*"信息即物理，物理即信息。"*

</div>
